let's blast [Music]
off a song in my heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all the
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name
because you were like a whale on the ocean Wild and Free you
came and you were like a stone coming out of
mountains Never To Be Tamed all the
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name welcome back to the final season of Lady Babylon satanic initiation it's
nice to have you back again tonight I've got some great material for you let me just tell you what I've got and then
we're going to jump right into it we're not going to waste anybody's time tonight um we're going to have a little
bit of purification to um and then we're going to continue on so um what do we
have tonight on on the docket for you oh we have Jesus and drugs and
crucifixion all in one act of
masochistic sacrifice masochistic drugged
sacrifice oh God it's an image to worship tonight on lady
[Music]
Babylon
I want you to enjoy the image of Jesus crucified I
want us to look as closely as we can at
Jesus in the moment of crucifixion because there are drugs
there you say huh yes there are drugs there you thought the crucifixion was
all about your fairy tale you thought the crucifixion was all about your fairy tale like this guy we've brought tonight
look at him and the glory can you see the wind in his how did he who put that
on him he didn't have anything covering that um but you can see the glory of it
I want to turn from the story The Fairy Tale world that is pulled over your eyes
and I want to look at the text and we're going to jump into the bowels of an
ancient source nonce
oh and I'm gonna bring you some some of his own
translation of John just so you can see the drugs and say it's not just this guy
this man is crazy chewy it's I'm you know I'm crazy I'm saying crazy things
no that's why I bring all the sources so you don't sit there and say this man is
crazy I'm not I'm still not selling you anything yeah uh you and I we have a
good relationship by the way for the person who wrote um and said I make
them high with my words thank you thank you that is the finest
compliment I appreciate that tonight let us cleanse the temple this is the place
sacred sacred this is the museum we h her here
and in order to purify that place I'm calling in lady scua lady scua hit it
who who's this dead guy hit it [Music]
chewy
yeah
[Music]
thank you Alexander for those of you who are trying to impede um those are his
words this is a channel of education and if you can't hack it you
better step out because we we are about to hit what I like to call the
dirty let's do it let's take a look at Jesus on the cross chewy bring us up
Star Charts hit the first one um why is he doing this Mommy it's because of aah
children tonight Almond's episode is brought to
you by aah this is seventh letter in the alphabet and it stands for the number
eight it is the ogdoad oh adaah fantastic where are we
we're with the eighth man tonight we're with the eth do you
remember what the Beast does the Beast brings lady
Babylon we are with the eighth he was he isn't now but he will
be and when he is I'm gonna show you a cure for cancer
tonight and you say how dare you say that no I'm showing you stuff that from
Antiquity people you can't you can't blame me I mean here Somebody Call The
Institute let's go to the source next one boom bring this up I wanted you guys
to see this this is a little bit of the Bible I'm just going to read it quickly you know and after this Jesus knew that
everything was done right in order that you know it might be
fulfilled yeah what what could possibly be fulfilled you know that which was
written yeah so what did he say he says deep soul I am thirsty because he had to
that was his Q right there's a certain there's a certain amount of performance
in the mystery people didn't you know that we're going to see it tonight um we're back here with Jesus and there was
this pot there and it's full of the oxus and I'm going to tell you I'm not going
to translate that word tonight you can say oxus or you can say
oxos so um there he is you know um I'm
thirsty and there was this pot there and somebody came along and dipped a sponge
remember there's a whole bunch of women around the cross right somebody came along and
dipped in that sponge you know using applying some hiss up they put it up and
and gave it to him right at his mouth and when he took that o sauce Jesus said
it's done and he leaned back his head he leaned back his head and he gave
out his breath he gave out his breath take it down that's how the ancient
Greeks said you die you die you die what is that Jesus doing
he's hanging there on the cross and he is
dying and he drinks something that they give him now what I'm going to do with
you now is I'm going to take you bring that lovely crucifix up there we need to see that except we should be able to see
his privates we should have covered Jesus's privates with cross wouldn't that'd be
funny you could cover Jesus's privates instead of with a little towel with a cross with another little Jesus nailed
to the cross and what was on Jesus who was nailed to the cross what was on his privates another little Jesus nailed to
a cross you see and then we'll never make it on time let's just people can we
just okay look what I'm doing I'm buying time because I'm sucking up the ghost of
nus I'm going to give you what I just read you I'm gonna give it to you now in
his words from Antiquity from Antiquity all this stuff
that I've been talking about with the drugs you know you're sitting there thinking I am not going to find drugs
with Jesus while he's getting excruciatingly crucified
yeah yeah you are and it's not going to be from my lips it's going to be from a
guy who wrote in the language and had a very good understanding of the cult very
good okay let's go to the next Source go boom okay here we are people this is a
secret secret text I want to show you this secret text are you ready for this
this is from the very same passage it's just notice as translation so I'm just
going to start up with the top of line 28 he said to the people I'm thirsty I'm
thirsty yeah and next to him where he was in a spot next to him was this
container full of the ox sauce and some dude here it says dude some dude thought
he heard a so he dipped a sponge he dipped the sponge where did he
dip the sponge um first of all what is a sponge
he says in line 31 he says you know what the sponge is the sponge is The
Offspring of the sea that comes from that
underwater temple that holiest of holies he said is
the Adon it comes from that inner chamber
that's where the sponge is and what do he what else does he say he he he soaks it he does what he soaks it in the what
does he fill it with he fills it with
the the potion that is the most accd it's the most
biting what do they call it deep s Hales they call this one get ready for
this are you ready for a drug name people are you ready for this they call this the brine of the
Viper they call it the brine of the Viper Brian of the
Viper oh are you kidding this has got to be good stuff it's wonderful poo right
Romans are looking at each other you put the Poo together and just give it to the guy right we don't care they're standing
there the women are standing there everybody's distracted what are they do they offer him this stuff bring us back
to nonas bring us back to nonas there they are that's a lovely picture look how grim and dark it is because remember
there's an eclipse right and he he gets it at the end of the eclipse boom he's
dead after he drinks it druggy bring us back to T t look what
he's got here right it's the Deep sados it's
specifically that Viper that causes you to thirst causes you to thirst I want you
just to keep that in mind I'm going to keep translating for you so this dude holds it up way up high on this pole
this this read right and he gives it right to him and if look at 155 the
first word onoton that's a smudge underneath it it's an
what is the thing that is given to Jesus from the dude below him this guy from
Antiquity says it's an antidote it's an antidote what is it an antidote to well
first of all it's for the king it's for the bosos baby we're going to the
kingdom you want to go to the kingdom I show you a king I'll take you right
there right now we'll go do you want some I want some of that
stuff that he's using and he knows as soon as he gets it in he's like that's it that's all she
wrote boom dies and the Romans are like why is he
dead yeah interesting interesting let's look at
the drugs that are in there what do he feel what what are these what is this an antidote for no go back to the text what
is this an antidote for what is this thing look at this look at this it's on 15
155 and 56 it's this oracular voice inducing
bread dripping honey and it's just beautiful and its
whiteness wait what yeah yeah it's the p
o it puts you into a state baby you know how Jesus is with all his
giving of the Flesh and Blood you know how he is what does he say it's a Theses
pestic drug what does that do that's oracular voice baby you will not have
that oracular voice if you don't have this type of drug
remember people in all the in those earlier in those earlier my beloved
children in those earlier this is that something got my goat what happened can
we get my goat yes there she is right it
got my goat because I could feel it in the group that was a funny Ripple funny
Ripple um okay take him down every once in a while you get a show the cross just
remember that remember every once in a while show the cross bring us back up to
nonce so what is this stuff um this o sauce it's the o sauce of death baby
right is prepared with hup right it's given to him and this stuff from this
honey dripping bread that induces The oracular Voice
what is he doing he's taking this stuff right and when he took it look at the third line from the bottom for those of
you who have the least bit of Doubt left over
Al and when he received when he took that Pon poon that extremely sour acidic
potion the one even we address as the dips
satic brine the dips satic brine when he had taken that everything all vets were
off you thought Jesus died there and he's all like ah
bleeding I've gotten poked where's my ACAA wait what where's my
ACAA give me some of it yeah they didn't know this was coming some of you will Delight in this you'll be like oh I know
and good you know good welcome to the party sit down the punch bowls are over there hit the hit it yeah hit it Chey
watch this guys let's just enjoy this thes pesio this is the last season might just let's just enjoy thes pesos look at
this what does it mean divinely sounding divinely sweet and look where you use it
you use it in the context of songs oh that's nice Us in the context of the
sirens oh that's interesting I thought the sirens have you heard the siren
voice if you did then you know what that or Oracle
bringing drug does yeah you mean you can perceive
music differently yeah you can you should watch the bucket
chorus amazing it'll teach you everything it's like a Trav in troop of
Educators who kick tail and sometimes kill people and eat
them they had one I just gonna tell you this Che just give me a second they had
one in Antiquity that was called the sphin she went down to thieves she came
they came from the mountain it's a tribe of these now right A Tribe of
Meads and what do they do they rough they rough the place
up and demand tribute we want 12 virgin females and 12 virgin males the best you
got best looking we want dancers we want those anybody who's got
any influence maybe some brains we want them we want their offspring and they're
like no don't take it and um as a result people would die of a
strangulation that's what Sphinx means in Greek spingo strangle you imagine me right I'm
a sphinx I'm a Strangler I got my hands around your throat and how do I as her
how do I get my hands around your throat I do it with my
bow yeah oh Nick you with a poison that'll cause you to fall on the ground
Stone stiff and strangle to death how do you like that now are you going to give
us the virgins thanks we'll go away but in the meantime
we're going to enjoy some of this livestock no no we don't need sacrifices
and barbecues we eat them raw wow that's a healthy diet you you
guys talk about these old you know diets you ought to forget paleo you ought to
go Bronze Age get on your Bronze Age
diet eat that sheep yeah yeah or person person if you
catch your neighbor doing something they shouldn't do bring Justice to him boom
take him into pieces you don't even have to carve you can pull them apart they said that I was
talking once with a famous dude Carl Ruck trying to figure
out is it is it an act that requires
extra you know is it a feet of strength it's a pull apart a bull can you pull apart a human being
with your hands I I think it can be done but it helps if you are in a state of
enthusiasm if you have that anotic substance on board and you're pumping in
a little bit of that Mania imagine right imagine these are the
people we're talking about you thought you went you go to church and you think this is a real mystery and you sit there
oh mystery yeah everybody walks out you know how fraking satisfying is
that that you're never going to reach climax in a Catholic Church yeah unless you're part of the
priesthood I'm sorry I'm sorry but it's true it's true um okay let's uh keep
going back to the source give me another give me the next one that was up there look at this look at this people love
we're oh here it is the Deep SAU here is what is according to nonas is in Jesus's
guts when he dies are you ready here it is he's
pretty slashed up too he's pretty slashed up too I hear M Gibson does a
heck of a slasher movie I love it what do they call those they used to call those snuff films did you guys watch
Jesus get snuffed I've watched it did anybody else were they like oh
[Laughter] yeah does it do anything for you like it
does for me to watch Jesus get
crucified if it does you've probably come to the right initiation this is
probably just consider yourself to be the right place now I know there's varying degrees of enjoyment let's be
balanced about it right let's be balanced let's um bring it back to the
Deep sauce look at this people blow that up for me we look at this
um okay of course we've got um venomous serpent right venomous serpent whose bite cause intense thirst look at the
soures the canders Thea the thec right an elen and we're
going to see an actual thec tonight an elen and he puts the venomous species
there right are as close as we can get we know that's a Viper we know the AES is a Viper okay fine but look at the
bottom look at the bottom what do we also refer to as deep
SAU remember that serpent raised up in the
wilderness right you remember that don't you right look at the bottom this is the
acacia people right this is that desert
Thorn yeah you guys know where that goes you guys know what you can do with that
thorn you can push it yeah right if you were there and cool
enough you would have learned all these drug terms that I got to learn through a library it's fantastic you get to learn
the street L best thing in the world ancient drug users um um seeking drugs
from the legitimate drug dealers of the day yeah who were concerned about things
like you know Purity you know effect right
strength you be careful be careful this nard will knock you down right this is
the good stuff that's why it's so expensive did you know your history was
a history of junkies Jesus Christ was a
junkie to the death to the death now
remember that serpent has to be lifted up that serpent has to be lifted up
you know who I'm talking to you know wh who the audience is out
there we got to lift up that Serpent and anybody who looks at it they're
saved yeah and you wondered why they said he's casting out demons by the power of the
devil right um Moses that's who we're talking
about right Moses and all of his thing that he's doing um he's doing the very
same thing right he is written in the third century and as a character he is
doing the very same thing right you wonder why Jesus and his
boys right by the way it's a little bit people are like huh all the apostles are
teenage boys well not all of them some of them are like 10 to 12 right so you
you know give him a break there do you know how good it feels to
say that do you know how good it's why is that one invulnerable why is that
fact invulnerable you can't you can't deny it they were young right right and
everybody says oh Peter was married no it's the word for female in-law it could
be his sister-in-law yeah yeah and there's no other record and by the way he's naked
on boats with other kids at night yeah when Jesus gets there he
throws on his underwear yeah these are the boys from
Galilee isn't it funny that history gives us the boys of Galilee the
young boy prostitutes of Jesus the
trafficker that's what history gives us and what do we turn it into with our
minds what do we create for ourselves the picture of no no no these are all
old bearded men and they're at this table sitting did you ever notice how the Last Supper doesn't feel right I
just want to remind you of one thing when Jesus gave them the contact for the
upper room because they needed somewhere out of the way to take their for Jesus
to take his 12 boys to he needed a place that was out of the way and in order to
find this place he gave instructions he didn't give the dude's name nobody ever
figures out who's the saint who was that shady guy that directed the kids to the
room Jesus said he'll be holding a water jar be holding this big water jug just
go to him you'll see him there in the street it's like dude he had his
business set up he had his business set up he's not a lace St you know what
Jesus worried about at night when he went to bed he worried about getting
caught and he runs out in the Garden of Gethsemane at 4:00 A.M ah I'm not a
child trafficker okay well now we're with him on a cross a few hours later and now you
understand why people are so angry all of a sudden there's crowds there's
crowds screaming out get rid of him dude so they do they crucify him and he's
there when they crucify him being offered according to nonas that very communal
thec that thing to round out the the
right that thing that balances the right why because his people know no he's on
it he's on it and what does he do he goes right into the death State don't
you know that's what we do those of us who work by the power of Satan don't you
know that's what we do we put you into a death State and raise you back to life
again and you walk around a new and it does something for you up here it gives
you perspective that you didn't have before well he goes right into it he goes right
into death right into death somebody asked me recently they
said almond do you think that the death is the you know how far did they go into
it um was he sitting there I I can't answer that except with what I've seen
and I'm not going to BS you guys because I don't have anything to profit off of this
yeah they had drugs to put you into a state they call them thosa into a state
that looked like death that you could have somebody come into the room and not be able to get a pulse pulse is Big
right these people are not stupid um and they wouldn't you know they wouldn't be
able to notice any visible signs of of um of living is especially
breathing can make it look like you're not respirating at all yeah they're using paralytics and
stuff like that people but these same drugs they have antidotes for that will
bring you back so when nonas is talking about antidotes there realize that this
is a sophisticated pharmacology this is poly Pharmacy I was just reading today
about how to make grapes that will be poisonous I was like wait what why would
you want to do that in the first place right but it turns out you make
slits in certain places sometimes he'll talk and not with just grapes either
talking other Vines how to turn the vine into a substance you coat things you make
plasters right you basically make poisons give them to the plant to absorb
the plant absorbs them and then produces the fruit I am the vine you are the
branches let's go to the next one Revel and some more Greek I love this let's
look at the bottom oh causing thirst yes this is what we look at there's just a couple I just wanted you to see those of
you who are biologist this gets you woo gets Twitter ped look at the sapes
that's a snake for you that you know what that one causes that one causes
corrosion wait what yeah we get our word septic from
it oh it's from the sapes W look at the last one deep sauce
right we know that's that Viper we know that's that Viper and you get some of that goodie inside of you you blow that
up your backside right which is where they medically applicate it right um woo you
can go somewhere you can go somewhere love it mixed in let's go to the next
one what are some more drugs we got to look at some more of the stuff that Jesus I wanted to throw this out there
because I didn't think people saw it I just wanted to show people here we have
the logos in the very beginning and nus is telling us telling us about this
logos and I just just want people to see I just want people to see a couple of things about this logos um this is the
hios Amor you say what yeah this is the
Son of God who has no mother this is the
logos this is how the cult Works people you wanted to see Christianity look at
it do you know why we take him out of take him right out of her
hypocrates can that seven Monon Child live oh how many moons has it been yes
this is the one without the mother this is the son without the mother oh is that
right this is who he's got to be right the logos fantastic this is what is
floating in the cult Around Jesus Christ
let's keep going let's keep going oh here it is am Mator look motherless
motherless oh it's so sad who do you see there here for all of you C to sick
bagos look at this madc madc
malis malis we knew who we were looking for
didn't we go to the next one love it next system okay here's a little quote for
you I just wanted you to see um Zoe look at the second line Zoe that's who we're talking about right she is
engendered in that logos Sophia is for
those of you whove had some little bit of Gnostic training maybe you went to a gnostic weekend group and everybody got
crazy crazy high and did things to each other that sometimes you just don't want
to recall uh no maybe not not yet anyway right but
who knows uh could be a future path look at what's going on here um she is there
Zoe is that you know she's that one that's ingrained in that Source right
she's that okay I just wanted you to see Zoe because we're not going to see it on
the purified side of the Christianity later Christianity that purified these sources they didn't want to see Zoe
right now we couldn't take her out of the Garden of Eden right we still got we
still um managed to capture the book of Zoe right people know about the tree of
Zoe you didn't know Zoe had a tree yeah the tree had a serpent in it had a
serpent who guarded it gave her access love it okay um let's
go to the next one look at this yeah she's the all nourisher she is the
allour ner do you know Zoe do you know Zoe Zoe will crack Zoe will crack the
ceiling of Christian yes it's who we were looking for in
Edom we were looking for Zoe for those of you with ears to hear
we're looking for Zoe and Edam right and that's why the devil was
like no it's not going to kill you right he was like that that mfer she didn't
say mfer but you know that's what cuz she said he told us you eat it it's
going to kill you that one will kill you Devil's like nope nope you you take this
stuff and your eyes are gonna be opened yeah and you'll be
as he is you'll know and Zoe was like I
dig it and she was like Adam and he was like [Laughter]
huh the devil's like I don't know why she's with that guy you know what I mean
right why was she with him because she was that thing that you people
translated now Bible scholars it's Bible scholar time come here gets my goat
too Bible schols there you go because you so distorted it because
you so screwed it up you created your
artificial paradise and it was just it was just a dream you said help meate
help meate more Bible scholars need it more anybody else here want me to give
it to the Bible scholars helpmates Bible scholars here this one's for the Baptist
um Baptist out there you translated this as helpmate help mate
no this is that Priestess that gives life this is she with the aquaa if you'd
asked me Baptist I'd have told you but now you have this on your
bottom yes oh I know why they do that now I know why the Bonin do that right
because it brings you to a place it's invigorating it's good exercise
it feels like the lubia once again you ever go to the lubric Calia right oh
this kid went up he was absolutely he was an Adonis he was
an Adonis and he had that he had that that flail in his hand that that
strap and he went up and she he went up to the girl that he was just been
following around for the last year and he hit her so hard with that and she
tore open her breast and he just hit her over and over and do you know why why
are they doing stuff like this it's goat stuff it's the
tragedy right it's the tragedy right that gets my goat that
gets my goat the tragedy that we have left out the tragedy out of our society
we've put a cross over it now now what we really what we really worship is that
guy being crucified right let's go back to him you
didn't know Jesus got stoned while he was dying did you it's okay though
because they had drugs of Revival yeah the thcs people they had
drugs that could bring you back don't you realize Jesus could have gone back to the tomb they could have taken him to
a tomb doesn't matter if they broke his legs he'd be in [__] shape for a while
um but he he wasn't dead yet he did get stabbed a little bit he get he got air
rated right and all the water he's drinking because been thirsty ah how long do you think it
would have taken the question is could they have gotten him back and revived
before now that now that would be an interesting question and maybe that's why that little kid is there in the
tombs and what is the kid wearing he's wearing ceremonial stuff seriously yeah
for what kind of Ceremonies death Cults you bonee head death Cults the Mysteries
are death Cults they have to be death and Resurrection if I can't put you into
that state see ancient Christians they weren't Faith your faith they were going
going through it they were being put into the death and brought out because
that's how the mystery functions that's why Jesus knows all that stuff about death it's why he's walking around
raising people from the dead didn't you wonder didn't you wonder why is this man walking around into tombs and there
little kids all over these tombs and he's raising them from the dead didn't that disturb
you you know we're going to have to account for this the devil wanted me to let everybody know nobody is getting off
the hook right Humanity
worships a disgusting pedophile named
Jesus dude was arrested in a public park with a naked boy you don't think that
you're going to go across that event horizon and when when you get to that
actuality that we are the reflection of you don't think you're going to be held responsible for support in that you
don't think the cosmos is all interrelated you don't think the Greeks were yelling about judgment over and
over and over again because they understood how nature works yeah we're headed for it we're
headed for it your honor I would give you this appeal I will give you this
appeal your honor we cannot
abide this person we cannot abide this person
Jesus yeah yeah take us back to the sources we're almost we're almost done I
want to give you yep um look what's going on yeah and this is another text
from the Bible it's referencing what they were giving him right and here it says the wine has been
smiz right and what is Smyrna right that one he didn't take the one that's been
SM I what is what else are they doing with their drugs flavoring or drug right
with myrr with myrr oh okay remember
remember everybody says in Bible College what's the myr for it's a it's an
embalming drug it's they don't say drug they would never say drug um it's a substance that's used in
embalming yeah it is you know what myrr is also used for you can make a hot hot
hot hot drug a plaster to put upon your private parts and it will burn so good oh God it's got
myrr all in it right it's a myrr base you can't make sex drugs without
it um it's something to do with circulation or something I don't know let the scientist figure out where the
sex drug scientist in you know people where's your sex drugs you know terrible
our technology is terrible compared to what they could do you know they could give somebody body an erection for a
week a week when I read that I was like what that's crazy and the source says
yeah but the person will die eventually you can't keep them that long in that
state huh must be I bet it's a blood pressure thing I bet eventually your heart just can't take it yeah I bet it
is you probably just Keel over and they're like oh wait get it get the
Medicaid dildo we got to get this guy with this Venom stat right where's the
Priestess we need milk right that's what they call it milk it's the stuff that always saves you from the death so when
somebody asks me are they putting people um are they putting people actually to
death um and then Reviving them is the person actually
Dead We Know It looks like we know it looks like they look like they're dead
and we know they can bring them out of it and we know that if you don't administer the drugs to bring them out
of it they'll die so I don't know you're putting a person on this kind of plane
of halfway here halfway there and bringing them back Reviving them they're
laying them out in their tombs you didn't know Jesus was a necromancer kids
yes he's a necromancer let's go to the source again everybody everybody in the congregation is like you you keep going
you keep going I just want you to see a drug here I told you I would bring you a cure this is the form of the
frankincense look at the Middle Line This is that form of Frankincense
remember we're around the Angels we're talking about the stuff they're burning right that's giv us the vision well this
is the good stuff this is the good stuff of the fumigation and what does this
stuff do um you're not going to believe this it's a
stal it is something that stops
cancer you know now when they say when they say um cancer they're talking about
all sorts of things that we would break down more now and say well this is this and this is that but they use this for
when they're talking about the stuff that you know looks like a crab on your skin so the skin cancers this is what
they're talking about so we know this is some kind of what you and I know is
cancer and this thing is able to stop and regress the cancer but it's not just
the myrrh it's a combo it's a combo and the way they're
doing it is they're misting people with it misting you're breathing it in
and it's making contact with your skin so it's all practice and this is
sophisticated from Antiquity people I'm telling you I'm telling you this
sophistication level here is phenomenal um let's go to the next
one yeah and in the third hour right they they crucified him they crucified
him right about 900 in the morning they had captured him early about somewhere 3 4 4 a. him and that range he'd had his
stuff gone through and all that kind of stuff and they were like yeah kill him already had a crowd few hours later they
finally cleaned up the boys from Galilee and those prostitutes I mean Apostles
they hit the did you never notice they run J why is it in the fairy tale that
all the apostles are like oh jigs up and they all run haven't you ever thought if you were
an apostle you would have stood there and be like no no no dude this guy's God watch I'm going to stand next to him
because your asses are fried right you would have done something like that right but no they
all hit the road they knew it was coming boom and they got out of town they got
out of town Peter tried to come back and those little prostitutes right they said the little
female prostitute the the underage female prostitutes that are in the
gospels say they recognize the Boys From Galilee right you guys know that you
guys know that I want you to see as Jesus is on the cross he is still that
lace let's go to the next one he is still that trafficker and what happens um this perfect Q um they sacrificed him
between two two L he's got L on either side of him and he's yelling when he's
caught I'm not a leace right he's yelling okay okay this
is what Jesus was afraid of you ever wonder what Jesus was afraid of he was afraid of getting captured as a child
trafficker right he's there with his 12 right they hit the they hit the road I
bet you I bet you they could have implicated other people I bet you some of those women that were around Jesus's
cross right I guarantee you they were involved and you guys know and I know some of you were looking right and you
want to find that Salam and you want to find that Temple thing you want to find those goodies because you want the real
dope right you didn't realize they were on dope did you yeah but you're a dealer at that
point one of those wom women you're a dealer right so you know why do you
think Lydia's got Paul you know what Paul is he's a he's a slave he's a slave
to a corporation that has a drug uh
Monopoly yeah for the good stuff these people will give you the good stuff let's go to the next text oh this
is lovely it's all going to come to an end I know um yeah so this stuff this
stuff was uh um supposed to happen supposed to happen
Jesus was supposed to as the prophets were saying you know Jesus is supposed
to be accounted elist he's supposed to be
accounted Ed he's supposed to be reckoned meta Anon with these lays who are practicing
the right or the mystery of anomia right this was supposed to happen
he was supposed to be crucified he was supposed to be
destroyed amidst this circus of the
Ania that Paul says this stuff is going on right now let's go there let's go to
the let's do it I can't take it anymore we just got to expose people look at this here's Paul right this mystery of
anaman at work right now Paul says he's not talking theology people he's talking
about the lay uhhuh yeah yeah um next
one boom what is he saying 2 three don't let anybody you know deceive you in any
way right because the apostasia has to come
right there then things will be opened up we'll see who this man of anomia is
this son of Ruin or destruction the complete decimation of everything who is
it who is this man of anomia who hangs
between them between the lay this is the fulf fillment of the Apocalypse what you
get to see Christianity is your sick disgusting God that's what you get to
see this is your destruction that's second Thessalonians R right okay sorry that
was a little bit I was a little bit jazzed up there chewy didn't you see that that's when it came out I was
thinking the Empire and now okay let's uh finish up
oh whip they want more whipping sorry we got a new okay fine who are we whipping
who do people want me to whip who oh okay all right here let's just whip
Jesus on the cross he's on the cross right we might as well whip Jesus wake
up Jesus sabach thone you said I got your
sabach thone right here we take joy they take joy in the
crucifixion can you believe that look at them the angels that are watching look at these
people sick these people are sick
sick right I want a huge
crucifix with a dead Jesus on it but I don't want him dead dead I want a Jesus
who has entered into that death State who was drugged like the one that was there yeah I want the ACT ual historical
Jesus I want the one who probably died because they poked him if those isn't it
isn't it odd we can enjoy this about the crucifix if those soldiers those Romans
because the Romans were like time to break legs what time is it time to break legs
boys how do you work a job like that seriously how do you work a job right
going go well that one's still alive look he's still groaning break his legs right you get a big hammer and you bust
his legs it's
the the Precision the Precision of the pain and
the Precision of that masochistic tendency that
that urge and the Fulfillment the urge of the
wolf right the urge of that one who is the p AES right that crazy thelan with all his
drugs you know what they do to their students right we know the most
prominent of them was a prince called yasus yason excuse me Jason also AKA
where Jesus comes from right this is part of a tradition people this is not
stuff is interconnected it's um these people were not born in vacuums um they
interacted with each other in this spread in this spread let's go let's go
back to the call I want to see him I want to see what's GNA happen right um yeah look anything we look at the second
line you see that word sasma I just want you to focus on that because this this
power this power is gonna stand there it's gonna pose itself to God and to
everything that is sasma what is sasma that's what you're supposed to be doing Christians on
Saturday but you don't oh sorry on Sunday you switched it on Sunday You're
supposed to be doing that on Sunday but you don't right there is no
sabba there is no sabba do you know your what your savior screamed from the cross
sabak th the name of a God in his mouth while
he was dead dying yeah and not just any God but a god used by the
Lees now some of you tell your tell St John remember he's
10 to 12 and tell him look into his little eyes and tell St John like Jesus
did yeah marriage sucks you know let me tell you about
this other Avenue um there are these Unix that are born Unix there are these Unix that are
become Unix there are these Unix who follow the kingdom of
God don't you want to follow the Kingdom of Heaven Peter who am I Peter who am I you
know who I am yeah yeah you're gangster G that's who you
are yeah you say it should be a j
hey gangster G now let's go to the final last Source let's this is too much fun
and I know I'm I'm having way too much fun but thank you for letting me in this final season for a few more weekends
have a lot of fun let's wow we're going all the way down the bottom look at that
no I don't want to I don't want to jump to the to because there's a couple of goodies here let's keep going where was next after that one yeah okay look thank
2 Thessalonians again right how how is all of this happening it's it's happening through satana right or SATA
or saturnus this is all happening through that saturnian
age right this is how we're bringing it about that's why the connection that we
have to Satan do you mean Satan is older than Jehovah yes of course of course he
is who you you expect had the best job anyway yeah guard this
stuff okay right go let's go to the next one yeah um and then that person that
anos yeah they'll be revealed right whom the Lord Jesus anelli he's gonna
annihilate him he's gonna annihilate him with his what if you're a marus what are
you going to annihilate anyone with you know what we are we're workers in wind
right right says those creepy Magi workers in Wind workers in
Wind yeah in the breath of his mouth baby that's how he's gonna do it that's
how he's gonna do it and when when's it gonna happen is epipa man when he shows
up right and the Christians are like yeah he's gonna show up and he's going to kill everybody who's not a Christian
and the place will be running with blood show me Christ
crucified show me show me the crown on his head Mel show me his blood oh I love
it I love his blood I love the blood of Jesus oh I love it I love him sitting
there oh I thirst I'm so thirsty give me a drink I'm
thirsty ouch and I'm sure he said everyone ouch or something like that they didn't put that in the
Bible he didn't say oh my God this
hurts he was either you know I don't know um I would have been complaining
let's go to the let's go to the next one let's go to the next one this is back to paulan tell us one more thing Paul no we
we're there let's go back um I want to give you guys this this is the last entry we've got tonight and this is um
from the G ionica yeah those are all from the same these are from the geop and this is a Byzantine manual that has
lots of drug knowledge has lots of poisons and antidotes they're all over the place so this is a great great great
resource for us and I want to just read you the title of this just so you can see that I'm not making it up I'm not
making up classicists will be like huh because this is not a very popular
Source right nobody reads this thing you know shame on them Petty taste
oh my God yeah and it's by florentinus so what
is this work this is the title of a work and it's on the thec and cathartic Vine
how do you make a thec and a cathartic Vine I told you before we're performing
things in a poly pharmaceutical way yeah and what are we we doing we're working with the roots and we're working
with the branches we're grafting we're using puses we're Co coating Roots I
read a section about coating Roots earlier I was like Wow Wow coating the roots in order to
produce now you take the fruit and then you produce it I'm the vine you make the
wine I'm the vine and you make the wine and what happens with that wine that's
the aquaa baby that's that stuff it comes right out of her it comes right
from Lady Babylon we got a cup of it we got a cup of it would you like to try
it um turns out it cures cancer turns out it cures
cancer somebody should be looking at this
yeah it's our it's our own ignorance chewy it's total ignorance on our part
um it's okay though let's go and here's the next section of it and I just wanted you to see this oh look at section
number six oh say okay so Pras plagos for the strikes of the herpaone of those
you know um creepy crawly things that can make you sick I it helps when you drink it with wine right and the uh oh
Kao X Al to oxos and the oxos from it do you see what they're using the oxos here
for this is not upon the Christ on the cross this is on the Christ elsewhere
look at the one two three the fourth line down second word in EP do you know what they're doing they're christing
what are they christing here they're crising The Roots here they're crising The Roots now
why would you be crising Roots because you want that to produce that
intoxicating chemical you want it to take it to process it and to put it out
in a way that you can use it then within your right it will take you to a
place into death and back to life bakus baby this is old Bronze Age bucket cult
right and Jesus is plugged right into it he's plugged right in our last Source tonight and I'll let you guys go this is
just a fun one yeah this is that paganese oos wait it's The paganese Wine
what is that some kind of Rue wine or something yeah what's it used for well
first of all it's really you know it's a it's thermatic it is a heating wine
right and it's used for against these um any class of drug that is going to um
tend to overthrow your body right and what else it's an leop pharmacos it's an
alexop pharmacos of um that we use against the
reptiles against those crawly venomous things yep take it down um wait a minute
you've got a wine that does that yes we have a wine and it's a complex compound
formula and it has to be manufactured
manufactured through that vessel of nature this is your problem this is why you
don't have the you why why the medicine is not where the medicine should be if we didn't have that thousand ages of
that thousand years of Dark Ages thank you very much that took us backwards we'll catch up to where the Greeks were
pretty soon we'll catch up to them yeah and with the technology that we will
have developed we'll we'll be able to re rerun civilization um I just want to end by
Sayang tonight that that ogdoad that
eth that was and is not but will be the
restoration of that Beast will bear up lady
Babylon thank you for coming tonight we'll see you next Wednesday Hil
Satan you never for pay Fortune a worldly
Renown on the day that it came again you
just turned it down all the
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name why did you ever change your name hey
[Music]
oh